TBS OKTA-488936 Updates language in release notes (#3317)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/customize-tokens-dynamic/main/index.md

---

> title: Customize tokens returned from Okta with a dynamic allowlist

Author: ```suggestion
title: Customize tokens returned from Okta with a dynamic allow list
```

---

> ## About the dynamic allowlist

Author: ```suggestion
## About the dynamic allow list
```

5. To check the returned ID token or access token payload, you can copy the value and paste it into any JWT decoder (for example: <https://token.dev>). Using a JWT decoder, confirm that the token contains all of the claims that you are expecting, including the custom one. If you specified a nonce, that is also included.

> ## Add a Groups claim with a dynamic allowlist

Author: ```suggestion
## Add a Groups claim with a dynamic allow list
```

>
>Example: `getFilteredGroups({"00gml2xHE3RYRx7cM0g3"}, "group.name", 40) )`
>
>See the Parameter Examples section of [Use group functions for static group allowlists](/docs/guides/customize-tokens-static/main/#use-group-functions-for-static-group-allowlists) for more information on the parameters used in this Group function.

You can use a dynamic group allowlist with both the Okta Org Authorization Server and a Custom Authorization Server:

> * [Use a dynamic group allowlist with the Org Authorization Server](#use-a-dynamic-group-allowlist-with-the-org-authorization-server)

Author: ```suggestion
* [Use a dynamic group allowlist with the Org Authorization Server](#use-a-dynamic-group-allow-list-with-the-org-authorization-server)
```

* [Use a dynamic group allowlist with a Custom Authorization Server](#use-a-dynamic-group-allow-list-with-a-custom-authorization-server)

> ## Use a dynamic group allowlist with the Org Authorization Server

Author: ```suggestion
## Use a dynamic group allow list with the Org Authorization Server
```

}
```

> ## Use a dynamic group allowlist with a Custom Authorization Server

Author: ```suggestion
## Use a dynamic group allow list with a Custom Authorization Server
```
